Update recovering-your-ssh-key-passphrase.md (#21367)
github/docs: content/authentication/troubleshooting-ssh/recovering-your-ssh-key-passphrase.md

{% windows %}

If you lose your SSH key passphrase, there's no way to recover it. You'll need to [generate a brand new SSH keypair](/articles/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent) or [switch to HTTPS cloning](/github/getting-started-with-github/managing-remote-repositories) so you can use a Personal Access Token instead.

{% endwindows %}

{% linux %}

> If you lose your SSH key passphrase, there's no way to recover it. You'll need to [generate a brand new SSH keypair](/articles/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent) or [switch to HTTPS cloning](/github/getting-started-with-github/about-remote-repositories/#cloning-with-https-urls) so you can use a Personal Access Token instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you lose your SSH key passphrase, there's no way to recover it. You'll need to [generate a brand new SSH keypair](/articles/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent) or [switch to HTTPS cloning](/github/getting-started-with-github/about-remote-repositories/#cloning-with-https-urls) so you can use a {% data variables.product.pat_generic %} instead.
```
